docs: update readme (#936)
Bearer/bearer: README.md

A progress bar will display the status of the scan.

> Once the scan is complete, Bearer will output by default a security report with details of any rule findings, as well as where in the codebase the infractions happened and why.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the scan is complete, Bearer will output, by default, a security report with details of any rule findings, as well as where in the codebase the infractions happened and why.
```

For more guides and usage tips, [view the docs](https://docs.bearer.com/).

## :question: FAQs

### What makes Bearer different from any other SAST tools?

SAST tools are known to bury security teams and developers under hundreds of issues with little context and no sense of priority, often requiring security analysts to triage issues manually.

The most vulnerable asset today is sensitive data, so we start there and [prioritize](https://github.com/Bearer/bearer/issues/728) findings by assessing sensitive data flows to highlight what is more critical, and what is not. This unique ability allows us to provide you with a privacy scanner too.

We believe that by linking security issues with a clear business impact and risk of a data breach, or data leak, we can build better and more robust software, at no extra cost.

In addition, by being Open Source, extendable by design, and built with a great developer UX in mind, we bet you will see the difference for yourself.

### What is the privacy scanner? 

In adition of detecting security flaws in your code, Bearer allows you to automate the evidence gathering process needed to generate a privacy report for your compliance team. 

> When you run Bearer on your codebase, it discovers and classifies data by identifying patterns in the source code. Specifically, it looks for data types and matches against them. Most importantly, it never views the actual values (it just can’t)—but only the code itself. If you want to learn more, here is the [longer explanation](https://docs.bearer.com/explanations/discovery-and-classification/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run Bearer on your codebase, it discovers and classifies data by identifying patterns in the source code. Specifically, it looks for data types and matches against them. Most importantly, it never views the actual values—it just can’t—but only the code itself. If you want to learn more, here is the [longer explanation](https://docs.bearer.com/explanations/discovery-and-classification/).
```

> Specifically, Bearer is able to identify over 120+ data types from sensitive data categories such as Personal Data (PD), Sensitive PD, Personally identifiable information (PII), and Personal Health Information (PHI). You can view the full list in the [supported data types documentation](https://docs.bearer.com/reference/datatypes/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bearer is able to identify over 120+ data types from sensitive data categories such as Personal Data (PD), Sensitive PD, Personally identifiable information (PII), and Personal Health Information (PHI). You can view the full list in the [supported data types documentation](https://docs.bearer.com/reference/datatypes/).
```

> FInally, Bearer also allows you to detect component storing and processing sensitive data, as databases, internal APIs and third-party APIs. See the [recipe list](https://docs.bearer.com/reference/recipes/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, Bearer also lets you detect components storing and processing sensitive data such as databases, internal APIs, and third-party APIs. See the [recipe list](https://docs.bearer.com/reference/recipes/) for a complete list of components.
```

### What about false positives?

If you’re familiar with SAST tools, false positives are always a possibility.

By using the most modern static code analysis techniques and providing a native filtering and prioritizing solution on the most important issues, we believe this problem won’t be a concern when using Bearer.

### When and where to use Bearer?

> We recommend running Bearer in your CI to check new PR automatically for security issues, so your development team has a direct feedback loop to fix issues immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend running Bearer in your CI to check new PRs automatically for security issues, so your development team has a direct feedback loop to fix issues immediately.
```

> You can also integrate Bearer in your CD, though we recommend to only make it fail on high criticality issues only, as the impact for your organization might be important.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also integrate Bearer in your CD, though we recommend setting it to only fail on high criticality issues, as the impact for your organization might be important.
```
